---
layout: post
cover: 'assets/images/cover7.jpg'
navigation: True
title: Tim Shi (Ph.D. ‘18)
date: 2018-09-30 10:18:00
tags: tim-shi andre-esteva zayd-enam chris-lengerich sebastian-thrun ph.d.-18 startup
subclass: 'post tag-test tag-content'
logo: 'assets/images/stanford.png'
published: False
---

Tim and I are both in this Stanford Natural Language Processing (NLP) bubble and we keep running into each other at events, so I thought I should check out what he’s working on. Another reason why I was interested in meeting Tim was that he was running [Incepto House](https://incepto.house/), a community house that has been home to a lot of interesting people.

We met at Philz cafe downtown near his work. While waiting in line, we ran into [Chris Lengerich]({{site.url}}/tag/chris-lengerich) ([M.S. ‘14]({{site.url}}/tag/m.s.-14)). Mistaking this for a sale meeting, Chris aggressively sold me on cresta.ai, the company that Tim co-founded.

“I highly recommend Cresta. I’d bet money on it if I could. Tim is extremely smart,” said Chris.<br>
“How did you guys know each other?”<br>
“We used to work together at Mindori. It doesn’t exist anymore though,” said Tim.

We walked together back to his office. It was Sunday but Ashkan, his full-stack engineer was there and they were interviewing a candidate from Stanford -- someone in the class of 2018 whose name I forgot. Instead of using classic whiteboard interviews, they gave this candidate a project to work on for a day. 

I was so impressed with Ashkan’s setup -- he designed and built his own keyboard. This gave me the impression that Cresta has a legit engineering team. They have about ten engineers, most with names like Google/Stanford/Berkeley on their resumes . Tim showed me what they were working on: a system that suggests customer service agents what to say next in a chat to optimize performance. They are positive with the results they have from their current client.

“Who did you start the company with?”<br>
“[Andre]({{site.url}}/tag/andre-esteva) and [Zayd]({{site.url}}/tag/zayd-enam),” Tim said. They were both [Sebastian Thrun]({{site.url}}/tag/sebastian-thrun)’s Ph.D. students.<br>
“Didn’t Zayd just start his Ph.D.?”<br>
“Yeah,” Tim chuckled. “Andre and I are lucky that we just finished our Ph.D. But Zayd had to drop out.”<br>
“Well, it’s pretty hot being Sebastian Thrun’s dropout. How involved in Sebastian in the startup?”<br>
“He introduces us to clients and when we have a reluctant candidate we send that person to talk to Sebastian.”<br>
“How is the work distributed among the co-founders?”<br>
“It’s a startup so everyone does everything, but generally, I focus on the engineering side while Andre and Zayd work more on the business side.”

Like Chris, I left with a very positive impression of Cresta. They have a great engineering team, a useful product, and a powerful mentor. Since I’m already committed to NVIDIA, I told Tim I’d check in with Cresta a few years down the line.

“Yeah, you’re always welcome. But you know, with startups, the earlier you join, the better it is for you.”

It turned out to be a sale meeting after all, and I'm almost sold.